INSTRUCTIONS: CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION OF A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY RCW 23.95 and 25.15

Purpose: Certificate of Formation for a Limited Liability Company governed by RCW 25.15 is used to create a new business entitythat has not previously been registered with the Office of the Secretary of State; or is beyond its five (5) year reinstatement period.
General Instructions: Use dark ink only. 
Complete the entire form and enter all requested information in the fields provided.
 At ourwebsite www.sos.wa.gov/corporations a fillable .pdf version of this form is available or you can file online at https://ccfs.sos.wa.gov
 Mail: Send the completed form and payment to the address listed above.
Payment: Make checks or money orders payable to “Secretary of State.” 
Checks cannot be backdated more than 60 days from thedate the check is received.
Fees: The filing fee for the Certificate of Formation of a Limited Liability Company is $180.00
Expedited Service: If expedited service is requested, an additional $100 must be added to the filing fee. 
Check the box indicating
expedited service on page one.
Initial Report: An initial report is due within 120 days of the effective date of this incorporation per RCW 23.95.255. The report maybe included with this incorporation at no additional fee. 
If the Initial Report is not submitted with this incorporation, a $10 filing feewill apply.
ALL FILING FEES ARE NON-REFUNDABLE. ALL DOCUMENTS ARE PUBLIC RECORD(1) Unified Business Identifier (UBI): If the business has previously filed with another state agency such as the Department of
Revenue, the Department of Labor and Industries, or the Employment Security Department, the business may already have a 9-digit
UBI number that can be entered. Do not enter the UBI number of a Sole Proprietorship or General Partnership. 
If the business doesnot have a UBI number, select “No” and continue with the filing. 
If “No” is selected, the business will be issued a UBI number uponsuccessful completion of the filing.
(2) Business Name: Provide the name for review. 
If a name has been reserved and a Name Reservation Number has been provided,
enter the Number and Name in the appropriate section. If a Name Reservation has not been provided select “No”.
In accordance with RCW 23.95.305, a Limited Liability Company name must contain the words Limited Liability Company, Limited
Liability Co., or the abbreviation of L.L.C. or LLC. A Limited Liability Company name must be distinguishable upon the records of the
Secretary of State from any other business already registered with the Secretary of State’s Office. If the designation is omitted, it will
default to LLC when processed.(3) Period of Duration: Select a period of duration. Only one selection will be accepted. 
Perpetual duration means “on-going” untilthe business is either administratively or voluntarily dissolved.
A specified date or specified number of years, may be selected. 
If aspecified date or years is selected the business will be administratively dissolved as recorded in this section. 
If no selection isprovided, it will default to perpetual.(4) Effective Date: Select the date this filing is to be effective. 
If “Date of Filing” is selected, the effective date will be the date thesubmission is completed by our office. 
A future effective date may be specified which may not be more than 90 days after the dateof filing.
Corporations & Charities Division
Physical/Overnight address:801 Capitol Way SOlympia, WA 98501-1226Mailing address:PO Box 40234Olympia, WA 98504-0234Tel: 360.725.0377www.sos.wa.gov/corporations
Certificate of Formation-LLC Washington Secretary of State Revised 10.2023(5) Registered Agent: All businesses must have a Registered Agent in Washington State per RCW 23.95.415. Select only one type ofagent. The Consent of the Registered Agent must be signed, regardless of the type of Registered Agent. Print the name and title ofthe person signing and provide the date of signature.• Commercial Registered Agent is a business or individual registered with the Office of the Secretary of State, whose natureof business it is to receive legal documents, notices, or demands required or permitted by law to be served on behalf of thebusiness. A Commercial Registered Agent has a verified address on record with the Office of the Secretary of State.o Select “Yes” or “No.”▪ If “Yes,” provide the name of the Commercial Registered Agent. An address is not required.▪ If “No,” continue to Noncommercial Registered Agent.• Noncommercial Registered Agent is a business or individual who agrees to receive legal documents, notice, or demandrequired or permitted by law to be served on behalf of the business.o Identify the Registered Agent.▪ Individual: Write the individual’s first and last name.▪ Business: Write the business’s full name.▪ Office/Position: Write the office or position title held within the business such as President, Secretary,Treasurer, or Member.o Provide the required physical street address of the Noncommercial Registered Agent. You may also provide themailing address if needed. Addresses must be in Washington State.o Provide a contact phone number and email address. This information will be used if there are any questionsregarding the submission.(6) Principal Office: Enter the principal office address. This is the place where the business’s records are kept. This address must be aphysical address. A PO Box or PMB will not be accepted. The address does not need to be in Washington State.(7) Return Address for this Filing: If provided, the confirmation regarding this specific filing will be sent to this address, in addition tothe Registered Agent’s address.(8) Executor Information: Provide the name, address, and signature of the Executor(s). An Executor is the person(s) forming theLimited Liability Company. An additional list may be attached if necessary.For a rapid response to questions, requests for assistance, or to provide feedback, please visit the Corporations and Charitieswebsite at www.sos.wa.gov/corporations to chat with a representative
