INSTRUCTIONS: ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION NONPROFIT CORPORATION RCW 24.03A Purpose: Articles of Incorporation for a Nonprofit Corporation business entity governed by RCW 24.03A is used to create a new business entity that has not previously been registered with the Office of the Secretary of State; or is beyond its five (5) year reinstatement period.   General Instructions: Use dark ink only. Complete the entire form and enter all requested information in the fields provided. At our website www.sos.wa.gov/corporations  a fillable .pdf version of this form is available or you can file online at https://ccfs.sos.wa.gov   Mail: Send the completed form and payment to the address listed above. Payment: Make checks or money orders payable to “Secretary of State.” Checks cannot be backdated more than 60 days from the date the check is received.   Fees: The filing fee for the Articles of Incorporation is $80 unless the Nonprofit voluntarily certifies that its initial gross revenue is less than $500,000. By selecting “Yes” to the certification or selecting the appropriate filing fee, the filing fee is reduced to $40.    Expedited Service: If expedited service is requested, an additional $100 must be added to the filing fee. Check the box indicating expedited service on page one.   ALL FILING FEES ARE NON-REFUNDABLE.  ALL DOCUMENTS ARE PUBLIC RECORD (1) Unified Business Identifier (UBI): If the business has previously filed with another state agency such as the Department of Revenue, the Department of Labor and Industries, or the Employment Security Department, the business may already have a 9-digit UBI number that can be entered. Do not enter the UBI number of a Sole Proprietorship or General Partnership. If the business does not have a UBI number, select “No” and continue with the filing. If “No” is selected, the business will be issued a UBI number upon successful completion of the filing. (2) Business Name: Provide the name for review. If a name has been reserved and a Name Reservation Number has been provided, enter the Number in the appropriate section. If a Name Reservation has not been provided select “No”.   In accordance with RCW 23.95.305, a Nonprofit Corporation must not include or end with any of the following designations or abbreviations of: incorporated, company, cooperative, partnership, limited, limited partnership, or limited liability partnership, but may use club, league, association, services, committee, fund, society, foundation, guild, a nonprofit corporation, a nonprofit mutual corporation, or any name of like import . A Nonprofit Corporation name must be distinguishable upon the records of the Secretary of State from any other business already registered with the Secretary of State’s office.   (3) Gross Revenue: Select “Yes” if the Nonprofit Corporation voluntarily certifies that its initial gross revenue is less than $500,000. If “Yes” the filing fee is reduced to $40, if “No” the default filing fee of $80 applies.   (4) Charitable Nonprofit Corporation: Review RCW 24.03A.010(5) to determine if the business is a Charitable Nonprofit Corporation. Select “Yes” or “No” upon determination.   If within sections 6 or 8, language indicating a “charitable purpose”; the Nonprofit is a Religious Corporation; or that the Nonprofit is eligible for tax-exempt status under section 501(C)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, then Yes is required in this section. Washington Secretary of State Revised 10.2023 Articles of Incorporation-NP 24.03A (5) Members: Indicate by checking “Yes” or “No” if the Nonprofit Corporation has members. Member is defined as a person who has a right set forth in the articles of bylaws to select or vote for the election of directors or delegates, or to vote on at least one type of fundamental transaction. If “Yes” is selected member names may be provided.   (6) Purpose of Corporation: Indicate the purpose for which the Nonprofit is being organized. Any other provisions may be attached if needed. Do not attach or refer to the bylaws.   (7) Registered Agent: All businesses must have a Registered Agent in Washington State per RCW 23.95.415. The Consent of the Registered Agent must be signed, regardless of the type of Registered Agent. Print the name and title of the person signing and provide the date of signature. • Commercial Registered Agent is a business or individual registered with the Office of the Secretary of State, whose nature of business it is to receive legal documents, notices, or demands required or permitted by law to be served on behalf of the business. The Commercial Registered Agent has a verified address on record with the Office of the Secretary of State. o Select “Yes” or “No.”   ▪ If “Yes,” provide the name of the Commercial Registered Agent. An address is not required. ▪ If “No,” continue to Noncommercial Registered Agent.   • Noncommercial Registered Agent is a business or individual who agrees to receive legal documents, notices, or demands required or permitted by law to be served on behalf of the business.   o Identify the Registered Agent.   ▪ Individual: Write the individual’s first and last name.   ▪ Business: Write the business’ full name. ▪ Office/Position: Write the office or position title held within the business such as President, Secretary, Treasurer, or Member.   o Provide the required physical street address of the Noncommercial Registered Agent. You may also provide the mailing address if needed. Addresses must be in Washington State. o Provide a contact phone number and email address. This information will be used if there are any questions regarding the submission. (8) Any other provisions: If necessary, provide language for IRS tax exempt status. See IRS website for additional information.   (9) Period of Duration: Select a period of duration. Only one selection will be accepted. Perpetual duration means “on-going” until the business is either administratively or voluntarily dissolved. A specified date or specified number of years may be selected. If a specified date or years is selected the business will administratively dissolve as recorded in this section. If no selection is provided, it will default to perpetual. (10) Effective Date: Select the date this filing is to be effective. If “Date of Filing” is selected, the effective date will be the date the submission is completed by our office. A future effective date may be specified which may not be more than 90 days after the date of filing. (11) Initial Board of Directors: List the names and address of all initial directors of the Nonprofit Corporation. If necessary additional names and addresses may be attached. Do not include social security numbers, federal tax identification or other personal identifiers.   (12) Distribution of Assets: In the event of a voluntary dissolution, a plan for distribution of any assets remaining after payment or arrangement for payment of all liabilities must be in place. Do not attach or refer to the bylaws.   (13) Return Address for this Filing: If provided, the confirmation regarding this specific filing will be sent to this address, in addition to the Registered Agent’s address. (14) Incorporator Information: Provide the name, address and signature of the Incorporator(s). An Incorporator is the person(s) forming the corporation. An additional list may be attached if necessary. For a rapid response to questions, requests for assistance, or to provide feedback, please visit the Corporations and Charities website at www.sos.wa.gov/corporations to chat with a representative.  
